DOCS-510: runningAccumulate (#12061)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/other-functions.md

Takes state of aggregate function. Returns result of aggregation (finalized state).

## runningAccumulate {#runningaccumulate}

> Accumulates states of an aggregate function for each row of a data block.  The function resets the state for each new block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accumulates states of an aggregate function for each row of a data block. 

!!! warning "Warning"
    The state is reset for each new data block.
```
